    The base app provided did a lot of the heavy lifting and was a great reference for how to make the program work. From my
understanding, the only thing that was missing was to assign names to the animals. to that end I created an array I believe
is called a map? its structured:
{hyena=[Shenzi, Banzai, Ed, Zig, Bud, Lou, Kamari, Wema, Nne, Madoa, Prince Nevarah], bear=[Yogi, Smokey, Paddington, Lippy, Bungle, Baloo, Rupert, Winnie the Pooh, Snuggles, Bert], tiger=[Tony, Tigger, Amber, Cosimia, Cuddles, Dave, Jiba, Rajah, Rayas, Ryker], lion=[Scar, Mufasa, Simba, Kiara, King, Drooper, Kimba, Nala, Leo, Samson, Elsa, Cecil]}
it can be read as type hyena and then a list of names for them. To achieve that. the loadnames from files takes each species formated as:
Hyena Names:
Shenzi, Banzai, Ed, Zig, Bud, Lou, Kamari, Wema, Nne, Madoa, Prince Nevarah
it checks for the Names: part and takes the Hyena as the species. I had to make it lowercase the word so that it matched
the way it is written in arrivingAnimals.txt. I used the .tolowercase instead of just changing the txt because I felt that
akin to cheating in a way, didnt want to change the txts from how they were writen. Anyways now there was a map for Names,
but it needed an index so that it remembers which names have been used already. Before that, App was already capable of
reading the arrivingAnimals and extracting the age and species. Now it needed a name so it calls the assignName method and
passes on the species, index and names map we created. The method then checks the species and loads the list for that species
using the index it gets the next name on the list and returns the name. App now has the three properties and creates an
animal instance with those properties and adds it to our list of animals. When done it prints them all out.

    While I was able to get the program to work properly and achieve the requirements, I had to do a lot of referencing.
I am also taking a JavaScript class and so the flow feels familiar but the syntax is very different. Its throwing me off
I think I just have to get more practice under my belt.